0.  Iis an English word that refers to a lung disease 

1.  TODO

2.  16 - 2 structs and 16 long types.

3.  Passing values copyies the two 16 member structs which would consume time and memory.

Source: https://github.com/chrisdaly/CS50/blob/master/pset6/questions.txt.

4.  i) The text file is specified in the command line as the 2nd or 3rd argument. 
    ii) A file pointer is set to a file that is opened for reading.
    iii)If the pointer is pointed at a null character then an error is thrown. 
    index: Tracks the position in the word
    misspellings: Tracks the number of words misspelt
    words: Tracks the number of words read for misspellings
    word: Is the character set that is hopefully building a word that is set to the maximum size of a word plus the end of string character. 
    The loop points the cursor at each character until it points at an end of file character. If the cursor's current character is 
    alphabetical or an apostrophe proceeded by a letter then the character is added to "word" in the indexth position and the index is 
    incremented by 1. If the character falls under those criteria but the word is too long then the loop passes through the remainder of 
    the word and resets the "index". Similarly numbers are ignored. If a character is not alphabetical or a number or apostrophe then it must 
    be the end of the word. An end of string character is added and the "words" counter is updated. The word is then passed through the mispelling 
    checks.

5.  fgetc reads the file character by character, fscanf reads until white space and stores the array in a buffer,
    the array may contain special characters which would cause problems for the misspelling function.

6.  It insures that the initial value of the parameter is not modified.

7.  I have used treis. used custom structure to store a boolean value for the word i.e if spelling is correct it will store true else false.
    And a variable called children which holds a address.
    
8.  WORDS MISSPELLED:     295
    WORDS IN DICTIONARY:  143091
    WORDS IN TEXT:        29758
    TIME IN load:         0.10
    TIME IN check:        0.01
    TIME IN size:         0.00
    TIME IN unload:       0.05
    TIME IN TOTAL:        0.16
    
9.  Nothing changed

10. TODO
